friends today we will be in Russian
Because we want to send a lot of e
good thoughts to people from the Russian
Federation from forced peoples Yakuts
Chechens Insh Tatars Bashkorts and
others visiting today Oleg Magovetsky
representative of the free peoples forum
what is the main idea of ​​the form
the main idea of ​​the form is  the creation of
roadmaps of real planned actions
because the process of the
final dismantling of the Moscow
Empire is already underway what it started in
1917 continued in 1991 and due to the decision of the
war criminals of the terrorists greatly
accelerated February 24, 2022 will be
completed in the nearest opinion of the time and
our question is  what will happen next
we want to help create a new
collective security architecture and the
possibility of a free comfortable life
both for
modern, unfortunately not citizens of the
Russian Federation, and for
all neighbors along the perimeter of this empire and
for the whole world, therefore we are working
creating a vision of the concepts of the future, I
often communicate
with Russians, when I come across
representatives of different nations,
independence, they have two main
fears that I saw. The first is that
they will not live from Moscow, that they are not
subsidized regions, it scares you. And the
second is that if Russia collapses, everyone
will start fighting with everyone, uh, and  when no,
for example, yes, that is, they broke up, they live How
Russia,
how to work out with these fears and
how work is already underway in this
direction so that at the time of the collapse of the
Russian Moscow Empire,
the Muscovite peoples could
economic articles and If there were no
conflicts, Russia Moscow played on their
national  the contradiction of your questions
is a significant part of the answer, even
how you started our conversation
Approximately this is a colonial name We
all live Unfortunately, including the
English language, yes, that is, in fact, these are
occupied nations by Muscovy We live
in those propaganda myths that have not been for
centuries and not  only inside and outside your
empire, but also outside, it brings to mind and it
became the norm sometime. There you
repeat a lie a million times and some other
back up with billions of gold and
then not gold unsecured
standard American dollars, this
begins to live its own life and
the first  a question about the subsidization of
failure Yes, they say this according to
Russian statistics, but the Republic of Sakha
exists, and the
Republic of Sakha occupies 3 million square
kilometers, a little less than a million
people, there is one of the diamond capitals of
the world that has oil, gold, they
simply have it, it is mined, it is sold there,
China,
it is only up to the Yura  subsidized
because companies that carry out
mining, including
just Moscow there, and so on,
therefore, in fact, the Republic of Sakha is
Northern Qatar, relatively speaking, yes, that is,
most likely,
eternal abomination may interfere here, but in the
next 30 years there, the highest
knowledge in the world will be far from  in the
Persian Gulf Yes, they arise there in
Yakutsk they will arise in Novosibirsk,
Krasnoyarsk, and so on Because
most regions, most
regions, they
are economic, there are no surpluses, it’s
just a
dirty question in terms of where
jurisdiction is prescribed Yes, in simple words they
take money from the federal budget of 100
rubles and the duration of the federal
budget 50, well, like the company that it
has earned, it’s not that it’s really
pseudo-nations and the questions, again, are that
regions are not important republics and regions
are colonies Yes, today Moscow is a
metropolis The
Russian Federation is not a Federation only
in words a real
Secret, and from absolutely different peoples
absolutely  different and it uses
resources and nothing comes in return. And there are
regions that are not in such a good light
right away, for example, either
Buryatia or Siberia, which is independent, which is
really bad right now, ah, and their
internal budget is deficit Well, like
Moscow Although not Moscow, but that  the same sat and
so on
makes a certain subsidy on
the territory But why is it so because
these regions of the republics, for example,
often remember the
successful economic
transport opportunities of the resources of
a large domestic market of
tourism potential Regardless of
Dagestan will be economically successful,
the question is that now the leadership is
institutional, that is, management
occurs  interested in
wealth in the development of their people in their
country, and the Moscow stavriks who
come to the colony as vice-governors,
they, looking at their loot, worked out
how much they paid there, they brought them to the Kremlin
to be appointed anyway,
on the contrary, they are moreover not interested
in people being poor so that they have  there
was no possibility for the middle class when
a person develops, he moves according to
conditional Damn, when a person says that
there is and already has where to spend Why are we
slaves and of course I don’t want this,
therefore independent Dagestan, like
all the other states that
came before a colony, you don’t have
opportunities to be a budget you can’t
constantly spend more to earn yes
you can take some a-a in Russian
yes that is, take IMF loans There and
so on
Therefore, you have to reduce income and
costs invest human
capital in attracting investments externally and
you become  developed, there are much
more complicated cases when, after a colony of
a country, which if we roll back there
50 years ago and see how the
British French Empire collapsed, the Japanese
imperialist
in the word Empire, although it is not the Empire, the
Russian Federation is called Although the
Federation and at the time there was forty-five
years or even fifty  the fifth island of
Formosa was the former empire of what we now
call Taiwan or Korea They were
the most one of the poorest countries in the world
yes And no one would become Singapore as a
former British colony military
base of the navy they
imported even now they
had nothing there  limited from the territory there, yes
now right away that Singapore had no
other way How to become successful here is
another, it may not have its own ports there,
this is an institution. This is because
other people who understood the struggle were ruled by me or a horse,
set up at home,
then if you read about the beautiful memoirs of
very Light  73 worlds in the first because
in the Third World when it became independent
they had a civil war in fact in the
Small there were communists there a
bunch of Soviets in Singapore Three different peoples
who loved the other very much the Chinese
in quality management uh
education and investment open
economy
when  became independent, this is the only
example in Africa, in fact, countries
that have built a democratic,
economically successful society, although
they have nothing in fact, that is, they
have no access to the sea, they have one and a half
million people, limitedness with
various such countries is very
ambiguous, but they could not And for example,
at that moment  when you name the countries,
then south africa argentina iran
afghanistan here especially there south africa
argentina venezuala partly one of the
richest but due to poor
management they are not
the richest now and even some of them are not
average someone guaranteed
one of the biggest  And some
sources are the largest
oil reserves in the world, so the question of whether they will be
successful or not E for many at once Yes,
because Moscow is now taking from them
for many depends on which
leaders you can choose from which leaders to
manage your state Because
now they  right, rather, the poor Yes, and there
they have a chance to be, uh,
many will have a chance that they
don’t have now and it’s a strange question Listen, this is not uh, the
sahiya of Siberia, hurray or Petersburg can
Moscow, Moscow needs them, that is, they
don’t sit in Moscow Where to send our
money because if you thought so in
Moscow, then you said, listen, let's
make the Moscow Republic
feed us and [ __ ] it, yes, it’s just that, and I
already forgot about the mass question But remember, I
don’t remember her either
uh, another very good one appeared u
Often  we only talk about
independence, we are a republic Yes, but they don’t
consider regionality in the mass consciousness Yes,
if we look at
such a concept, here is the Spanish world Yes, if there is
a lot of territory of the former cool
Spanish crown, which now you
know conditionally Cuba,
it’s better to roughly appoint a
bunch of countries that don’t differ  they are
actually all Hispanic by population,
all with some kind of common thing, they
now live separately play
each other's football in the championships and
how realistic the prospects for such
regional projects are developing.
This is a very important point because this
Spanish-speaking world is not even Spanish.  the
European empires that they
were, they went their own way as a
metropolis to demonstrate their non-colony
process where colonization is, therefore, now
probably no one has a question,
can Argentina Chile exist
side by side with 2 states Argentina This is
not a problem even in Europe, we have
examples other than colonial aspects, but we
have  it’s just that for example the Germans they
live not only in Germany there are Germans Well,
relatively speaking as a general Yes, they don’t live there
they live in Switzerland they live partly
there Einstein in Belgium the Netherlands and
so on That is the question of what one
can be or a nation according to the state
This  the question is de facto it exists the second
moment I have certain conditions
that are even more workable if
we perceive Russian and not
Russia
to you this Empire is taburiat asahah Circassians
even the most Muscovites do not
perceive them as Russians even if we are
talking about Russians if
they combine  imagine the finale of the Ugra to the
Mongolian element, the Tatar elements,
the elements are partly just Slavic,
then even this community This is an example of
what it is necessary to do statehood
with the Russian Russian walkie-talkie, it’s not just possible
But now there should be several
states, because one until it
passes identification and normalization in
Russian Well  Yes, politically, we
should have several states and this
strong region will help everyone
get through this disease faster, again, when the 13
colonies that were in North
America declare their independence,
they were essentially the same people
who
Or suddenly no, she does not understand that they
want something else, they want  Overseas
colonies Won they want to build a new
state with
the letter and proclaimed their
United States of America X and the mother country
as a section of the statistical ocean if we
look at ourselves, this is the same
colony of Moscow,
just the Ural Mountains Yes, and the question
of the Independence of Siberia in the format of the
Siberian Confederation for the
States United there  in Siberia, the Ural Republic of
Ingria with its capital in st.
she will lose
her colonies, including the city of
Moscow, they will have a chance to build a
normal free civilized
Federal society and the state is
Moscow is the Imperial center of
the world city and it can go the same
way that Istanbul went after the
fall of the Ottoman Empire for example Vienna
after the fall was
[music]
and at that time, in fact, for almost 500 years the
center of imperial Europe was a nightmare. And
half of central Europe there was a bunch of
Kuchmen even worse.
better, Moscow has the same chance,
therefore it is very important to work and inform
Muscovites, among other things, that you don’t need
them in the
Far East, a very vivid example, so
when people wake up there, Muscovites
only conditionally go to bed there, yes, that
is, they live at completely different hours,
absolutely people  from this bridge, too,
Vladivostok was more often in Japan in
China than in Moscow Yes, they all drive
right-hand drive cars there, that is, uh, in
fact, if it falls from the sky, well,
freedom
of distant power from intuition will not notice, it
turns out uh, here you are  remembered an
interesting moment who goes where. I
won’t even talk about Khabarovsk
Vladivostok if they listen to us from
Petersburg, then everyone I know they
said that they were more often in Helsinki
in Tallinn than in Moscow and they wanted to
be there more often because, well, sorry Go
[ __ ] Moscow
somehow there is no perception of them
again, see Petersburg it was an imperial
capital built as an imperial capital
but when it lost its status
When the Bolsheviks transferred it to Moscow
to Petersburgers for themselves they now switched
themselves when even everyone says e Petersburg
even in Russia  they talk about a cultural
page, that is, Petersburg has always
crossed; now it no longer has such an
imperial, uh, phantom battle. So stop
going back to those cities again,
when you will be talking about this excuse,
so this is again an infection because
this is the Far East for Moscow, yes For
those  territory future Pacific
coast Pacific Federation and
of course from Vladivostok Hello from the
regions of the imperial Primorye of the Amur region,
this is essentially Northern Manchuria, which,
again, the Moscow Empire
used the weakness of imperial China
when they fought in 15 minutes, they just
took themselves away what was bad type lay this
part of it in a natural way  I am part of
the East in a natural way, this region is
culturally and economically integrated and
it wants to see itself as part of the free
world with Japan, the Republic of Korea, it
will be a very rich country, moreover,
it can still help keep the
imperial pizzas of the People's
Republic of China and it is very important to talk
and work with this because  Vladivostok is also
not needed Moscow
What would you like to wish the peoples of
the Russian Federation to the people of the Russian
Federation who are afraid of
Independence there
Why did you start that if Freedom falls
from somewhere Freedom does not fall can
fall to create your own successful state
now unfortunately for a very
long time you
moreover, sometimes you live there some 10-15
years ago This slavery wearing what
was 20 years ago seemed not bad because
economically it seemed to be better than
it was in the late 80s and early nineties
Why did the Soviet Union bring in but any
Empire ends its moment yours  The
empire lives directly, not only
on the highway, its incredible resources are not
for you to live better, but to
kill other people and put you in
prison, therefore, no matter how you are afraid of the
freedom and responsibility that
freedom brings, it is much better, moreover,
it is much safer  than to
continue to be part of a terrorist
state, someone or herbalists
who already exist, and even more so who will
come. When they die,
they will destroy your families, you
will.
Therefore, if you want to have a chance of 10 on
Japanese cars, and go on vacation and
paint children so that they learn
normally in schools was  normal
medicine so that your whole world sees you
guys forget such an
Oksimiron as the Russian Federation
become, as one war
criminal said, Urals Muscovites
Siberians for your freedom
[music]
YouTube driving us through the cardiorka into a
shadow ban and rich appearance is not
shown to people in private
information about  streams so
that a little operational zazok
will sign right at a time and try there in a
kilogram about Krim video
information and we
will show you the YouTube word Ukraine in a stylish operational star